hey what's going on dudes it's Mitch or
Baconator here with video 11 of 34
animation April today is Saturday April
19th so there's gonna be three including
this one today so stay tuned this one is
by Duke animations really really awesome
guy check him out more info on his
channel after the video just enjoy I'll
see you dudes shortly
so what's the plan now guys what's the
plan what's the plan y'all bring zombies
to my farm then you invade my home and
you have the cheek to ask me what's the
plan guys knock it off the last thing we
need right now is more hostility now
let's stick together as a team we are
not a team come on
at least they're up there and we're in
here it's not like they can break in or
anything get it off me
he he bit me quick give me something to
block this window
oh nice wooden bra you do realize what
this means
yeah this guy has his brains all over my
wall and this guy is feeling pretty
emotional right now
this guy's gonna turn turn
yo guys we really have to go
you
so that is just about going to do it for
this animation this is a series by Duke
animations and this is his first episode
he hasn't continued it yet so if you
enjoyed it like I did definitely let him
know in the comments and go subscribe
and send him some love on his channel to
continue the series to make more of this
because it could be really really
awesome this is episode 1 of outbreak a
zombie infestation and I think you
should really do more of it I really
enjoyed it and if you did as well like I
said show some love and of course leave
some comments giving it a rating out of
10 and please let me know what else
you're interested in seeing for
animation April helped me out send some
emails of cool like 1 minute or longer
animations that are really undiscovered
don't send me ones with millions of
views because the creators don't really
need any more exposure I'm trying to
help those who don't have enough views
on the content so that is it I will see
attunes all later and bye bye